teachers really need to reevaluate their
teaching methods it's really
motherfucking annoying when I asked you
if I can go to the bathroom and you're
like can you like I will pee all over
your desk let me fucking go I don't get
it why do you have to like play this
little cat-and-mouse game like it's just
a simple like yes you may fucking go
take a fucking pissed because you're
about to fucking die and explode thank
you like that's that's great sit so I
fucking me I means like Oh Canyon shut
up shut up stupid and then like it's
really bothers me when you fucking
calling me to answer a problem when you
obviously know it was just chill and I
wasn't gonna do I wasn't doing shit so
like if I didn't have time to do the
first time why I'm gonna do the second
time just because you looked at me like
I don't get it so I'm just gonna look at
the paper and like it's magically gonna
do itself and I'm not gonna think you're
making a ass out of you and me because
one I don't know what the fuck's going
on and you call them somebody who
doesn't know so we're just like wasting
time we're wasting other people's
knowledge time so you know you're a bad
teacher it's not me it's you you're I'm
like if you're fucking picking on me
when I'm actually doing my work like the
rare moments I'm actually doing shit and
you're picking on me like what the
fuckin I can never win you never win
it's like it's really hard bro like
school is just not easy like it's not
like I just go there like fucking do
work like adds two of these fucking
teachers who are like why are you in
school you're so fucking dumb I swear
one day I'm just gonna pee on the
fucking floor if you don't let me go
fucking keep keep picking on me keep
picking on me I'm Shh I'm a protest mmm
whatever I know I go to school like all
its there is like bending machines and
that's pretty much all that like I love
and really grates not it's like there's
time to evolve and butter so whatever
fucking hate school schooling shit you
learn more from fucking TV like this
discovery channel like I can learn more
watching jersey shore than I am at
school I think that's how sad it is Wow
whatever school